# KSU ENGL 1101: Artifact 4 Project
The work is a website for a fictional human genome editing service. Considering human genetic engineering is still in its infancy, it was not possible to base the creation of the website on anything in the real world. Because of this, the work is purely from imagination. The author believes this is how something like this would likely exist in the future.  

An immense rhetorical appeal used throughout the work is the appeal to credibility. The website looks professional, and verticality imitates “apple.com”. This imitation of professionalism starts the audience off on the right foot visually. From there on, the audience immediately sees a happy family with the tagline “BioPlex focuses on making our society greater.” This family appeals to the audience’s appeal to emotion while the tagline aside gives a positive association with the message and company. After that, a friendly doctor appears with an explanation of the services the company provides. The doctor incites a sense of trust. Scrolling down,  the website shows customer testimonies with cute photos of babies. The customer testimonies imply the bandwagon effect while the baby photos provide another emotional connection. Directly under the customer testimonies are celebrity testimonies by significant corporate figures. This shows the corporate aspect of the service and giving high credibility to the service. Finally, the website contains real-life articles about technology to provide even more credibility and a positive outlook. Overall, the work is covered in blue to give a maternal and friendly connection with the company.
